TEAM: IT-Intune Support
Common Apps/Issues supported by the group:

Company Portal:
1. App not available on Company Portal
2. Not able to install app
3. On Mac teams and error that company portal app is damaged and can’t be opened.
4. Company Portal Damaged
5. Error on opening Company Portal

Windows Update:
1. windows update fail
2. missing drivers, error with windows update, user dont have company portal
3. Laptop doesn't install windows updates
4. Not able to upgrade the windows
5. Update keeps failing

Application Issues:
1. Teams application disappear
2. Unauthorized access to application remote desktop
3. Admin Access to Create a Folder within Applications
4. Upgrade to application latest version
5. Power Bi Desktop Applications
6. i have a problem with a Teams application in my phone. I already refreshed my phone, refreshed the appliaction, and it doesnt work
7. Not able to download the remote desktop application form the browser my old laptop is not working since this morning. when i started it there came an error like
8. Upgrade to application latest version
9. MS Office applications end abruptly and without warning
10. Microsoft Office applications not set for Automatically update to Current Channel
11. Request to disable authorization by applications
12. HL-HU | We can't find any downloadable application on portal.manage.microsoft.com
13. URGENT application icons desktop problem
14. I've got a problem with accesses to computer drives and company portal to download applications
15. MICROSOFT APPLICATION TO DO
16. Dear Team,After motherboard replacement in my laptop I'm getting error C0090016 when I'm tryign to use any of MS application.Please resolve the issue.
17. we need to be able to update our DELL devices. Please unblock:https://dl.dell.com/FOLDER07870027M/1/Dell-Command-Update-Windows-Universal-Application_PWD0M_WI
18. Intune - computer: D-J8SSMV2 - motherboard of my computer was replaced and now I don't have authorization to use outlook, teams and office applications
19. InTune installed machine D-PF2E8JZD Office installation is pending for second day. User cannot do work without office application.Also Teamviewer and workblaze
20. Applications failed to install
21. No Microsoft Applications and No Entry to Intranet

Bitlocker:
1. Need a bitlocker recovery key ASAP
2. Need my bitlocker My laptop doesn't start without it
3. URGENT - Bitlocker recovery key needed

Make me admin:
1. Make Me Admin Not Working
2. Make Me Admin Rights
3. Need Make me Admin
4. Please provide access to Make me admin
5. Make Me Admin app stopped working
